In the beginning,woman was truly the sun.
An authentic person. 
Now, woman is the moon.
Living dependent on others,
Reflecting their brilliance,
She has the moon's face,
And its unhealthy pallor.
And now, Seitō cries, newly born.
Created by the brains and hands
Of today's Japnese women
Seitō cries, newly born.
Women's undertaking is only sneered at, but I am convinced that there is hidden potential there.
And I am not in the least frightened...
I wonder whether women deserve such disgust as this. 
Well, who is an authentic person?
We did as much work as we could, like modern Japanese women. 
Seitō is the baby we wholeheartedly gave birth to...
In the beginning, woman was truly the sun. 
An authentic person.
Now, woman is the moon. 
Living dependent on others,
Reflecting their brilliance, 
She has the moon's face,
And its unhealthy pallor.
Now she must restore her hidden sun.
Reveal her own hidden sun and her hidden potential.
This is our ceaseless cry to ourselves, our uncontrollable and immovable yearning, and the only instinct of our final personification, into which all our mixed and partial instincts are gathered.
This cry, this yearning and this final instinct will lead to spiritual concentration among us. 
When spiritual concentration reaches its extreme level, noble and foremost talent will shine. 
Article 1 of the regulations of the Seitō Society states that the Society aims to produce female geniuses. All women are suppressed geniuses, without exception. They have potential to become outstanding. This will become real. I bitterly regret that women, with such potential, will end their lives with it still dormant, never bringing it to full play because of their inadequate powers of concentration. 
Make us continue ceaselessly with our ardent prayer and spiritual concentration.
Make us do these to the best of our ability 
until the day when we will bring hidden female talent into the until the open,
until the day when the hidden sun begins to shine again. 
On that day we will rule everything, the entire world will fall into our hands.
On that day woman will no longer be the moon. 
On that day she will become the sun, as in the beginning
She will become an authentic person... 
We are trying to build a golden palace on a crystal mountain, in the eastern provinces where the sun rises.
Women, choose a gilded ceiling on which to paint your own portraits. 
Even if I die before I realize my ambition, 
Even if I sink to the bottom of the sea, like a sailor on a forsaken ship,
I will still cry at the last, 'Women, go forward! Forward!', raising both my hands, benumbed by the cold.